---
layout: default
title: "About"
description: "About us and the site"
about: true
group: navigation
navorder: 5
category: misc
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

<a name="join"></a>
# About

The Initiative for Biological Systems Engineering (IBSE) at IIT Madras is an interdisciplinary group dedicated to pioneering innovative approaches and algorithms that integrate multi-dimensional data across scales, to understand, predict and manipulate complex biological systems. In so doing, we aim not only to advance fundamental understanding of cells and their interactions as populations forming complex organs but also to empower personalised medicine. Initiated by Prof. Ashok Venkitaraman, Mehta Distinguished Chair, IIT Madras, and Director of MRC Cancer Unit, University of Cambridge, IBSE comprises faculty, post-docs, graduate and undergraduate students from across departments at IIT Madras. IBSE is also an integral part of the newly set up Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (RBCDSAI). 

## Funding

IBSE is grateful to Dr. Prakash Arunachalam, Lead Data Scientist, BNY Mellon, USA, for his generous contribution supporting the IBSE and funding the 1st IBSE International Symposium and various other IBSE activities through the Office of International and Alumni Relations, IIT Madras.



# Join Us!

We encourage faculty to initiate collaborations with IBSE faculty, as well as interested graduate and 
undergraduate students to reach out to the IBSE faculty / students, to initiate projects. 

You can also subscribe to our group's mailing list by sending us an email to ibse-iitm@googlegroups.com

### IBSE Interdisciplinary MS/PhD Programme

In December 2017, we plan to admit interdisciplinary MS/PhD students to the IBSE programme.

### IIT Madras Regular MS/PhD Programme

IIT Madras accepts MS/PhD applications all year round now, and you can choose to work with IBSE faculty, based on your interests.

### Dual Degree / Undergraduate Projects

IBSE already hosts several undergraduate / dual degree projects. Feel free to reach out to any of the IBSE faculty for possible projects.

<div class="bigspacer"></div>
<hr/>

<a name="contact"></a>

# Contact

Karthik Raman (kraman @ iitm&middot;ac&middot;in) or Himanshu Sinha (sinha @ iitm&middot;ac&middot;in)<br/>
5th Floor, Block-II, Bhupat and Jyoti Mehta School of Biosciences<br/>
Indian Institute of Technology Madras<br/>
Chennai - 600 036, INDIA<br/>
Tel: +91-44-2257-8987<br/>

<div class="bigspacer"></div>
<hr/>

<a name="design"></a>

# Design and Implementation

The site is inspired by [Drummond Lab]'s website.

[Drummond Lab]: http://drummondlab.org/
